to a person who reports and to the
accused, both parties have all the
documentation, right? I mean, even if
that box were empty and the setup
here, his scene, which I don't know, you haven't
taken it, but even if they were empty. If they do
n't have them, that box is the
documentation, they have it somewhere else, it's not
part of the process, no, both parties
in the process have all the documentation.
Anyway, as a curiosity, as a
curiosity, I tell you, I've seen that
image. And it's true that one of the
folders, those folders are also used
when the proceedings are closed
because if they don't go in other types of
folders, lawyers also use them.
And it was a little open
on the side, let's see, those folders are
bigger than the size of a folio, that is to say,
many times lawyers, by stacking them,
even one on top of the other, they end up
torn apart and open, and you don't have to
see the documentation inside
in that small opening, it means that.
And that doesn't mean that they are full or
empty. And they may be full because
saying that he has shown is already going to the you know to
split hairs.
Let's
see, although the documentation
effectively. Even if
those boxes were empty, he  has the right and in fact she
has to have all the documentation
in the case, all the same that
she has, all of it. And with all this
documentation, seven judges have said that it is
indeed in the air from China. So let them
take out whatever memes they want.
Giovanna has been everything.